0.23.13 Changelog (#324)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/09_resources/01_release-notes.md

> **Note:** The perceived version gap between Astronomer Enterprise v0.16 and v0.23 is due to the nature of Astronomer's release schedule. To optimize for security and reliability, Astronomer Cloud releases are made available to Enterprise users only after they've passed a dedicated testing process. Astronomer Enterprise v0.23 includes _all_ changes made available on Astronomer Cloud between v0.16 and v0.23, in addition to Enterprise-only functionality.

## v0.23.13

Release Date: April 13, 2021

### Zero Webserver Downtime for Airflow 2.0+ Deployments

We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.13 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. This feature is automatically enabled and requires no configuration in your system.

This change has a few effects:
- The Airflow Webserver now requires less CPU and Memory.
- Increasing your total # of DAGs no longer requires proportionally increasing your Webserver resources.

> - When users deploy code or configuration changes via `astro deploy`, they will see these changes reflected in the Airflow UI in real time without an intermediary "Airflow is Starting Up" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you deploy code or configuration changes via `astro deploy`, you will see your changes reflected in the Airflow UI in real time without an intermediary "Airflow is Starting Up" page.
- The Webserver still reacts when you deploy code, but a "rolling restart" is applied such that the Webserver pod is slowly replaced by another instead of stopping and recreating.
```

Is this last sentence accurate, @vishwas-astro? Seems helpful to give users _some_ insight on what's happening under the hood. We'll also add info on this in ["Deploy Code via the Astronomer CLI."](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/deploy-cli) (different PR)

For context, this functionality is possible because Airflow 2.0 requires [DAG Serialization](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/dag-serialization.html), which is an open source feature that makes the Webserver stateless.

### Minor Improvements and Bug fixes

> - Added a new `pgbouncer.networkPolicies.enabled` value to Astronomer's Airflow Helm Chart so that organizations can exclusively enable or disable a pgBouncer network policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new `pgbouncer.networkPolicies.enabled` value to Astronomer's Airflow Helm Chart so that organizations can exclusively enable or disable a pgBouncer network policy. (_Airflow Chart 0.19.0_)
```

> **Note:** The perceived version gap between Astronomer Enterprise v0.16 and v0.23 is due to the nature of Astronomer's release schedule. To optimize for security and reliability, Astronomer Cloud releases are made available to Enterprise users only after they've passed a dedicated testing process. Astronomer Enterprise v0.23 includes _all_ changes made available on Astronomer Cloud between v0.16 and v0.23, in addition to Enterprise-only functionality.

## v0.23.13

Release Date: April 13, 2021

### Zero Webserver Downtime for Airflow 2.0+ Deployments

> We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.4 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. For users on these versions, the Webserver will no longer require a restart after a code push or configuration change. This is an automatic change that requires no configuration in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.13 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. For users on these versions, the Webserver will no longer require a restart after a code push or configuration change. This feature is automatically enabled and requires no configuration in your system.
```

> We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.13 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. For users on these versions, the Webserver will no longer require a restart after a code push or configuration change. This is an automatic change that requires no configuration in your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.13 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. For users on these versions, the Webserver will no longer require a restart after a code push or configuration change. This feature is automatically enabled and requires no configuration in your system.
```

> We're excited to announce that Astronomer v0.23.13 introduces zero Webserver downtime for Deployments running Airflow 2.0+. For users on these versions, the Webserver will no longer require a restart after a code push or configuration change. This is an automatic change that requires no configuration in your system.

Reviewer 2: To be pedantic, the webserver is being restarted. Just that the users do not observe it because it is a rolling restart.

This change has a few effects:

> - The Airflow Webserver now requires less CPU and Memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Airflow Webserver now requires less CPU and Memory.
```

- Increasing your total # of DAGs no longer requires proportionally increasing your Webserver resources.
- Following `$ astro deploy`, users will see DAG changes reflected in the Airflow UI in real-time without an intermediary "Airflow is Starting Up" page.

For context, this functionality is possible because Airflow 2.0 enables [DAG Serialization](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/dag-serialization.html), an open source feature that makes the Webserver stateless, by default.

> > **Note:** If you use Webserver plugins, you will need to manually restart the Airflow Webserver to apply a plugin change. To do so, make an API call using our new mutation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you use Webserver plugins, you will need to manually restart the Airflow Webserver to apply a plugin change. To do so, make an API call using our new mutation:
```
```suggestion
> **Note:** If you use Webserver plugins, you will need to manually restart the Airflow Webserver to apply a plugin change. To do so, [make an API call](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/houston-api) using our new mutation:
```

> > **Note:** If you use Webserver plugins, you will need to manually restart the Airflow Webserver to apply a plugin change. To do so, [make an API call](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/houston-api) using our new mutation:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> ```gql
> mutation toggleWebserverReboot {
>  toggleWebserverReboot (

> >    deploymentId: "ckij5u45d16501pbr0vdolqkr"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>    deploymentId: "<deployment-id>"
```

> > mutation toggleWebserverReboot {

Reviewer 3: IMO this is wrong. I removed this code on 0.23.13. https://github.com/astronomer/houston-api/pull/658/files
To prevent webserver reboot no need actions from user except start using airflow 2.0.0.

>    reboot: false
>       	)
>  {
>    id
>    updatedAt
>    }
>  }

> > ```

Reviewer 2: @kaxil @andriisoldatenko @schnie I would like you all to bless this PR before it gets merged and makes its way into our release notes.

> > ```gql
> > mutation toggleWebserverReboot {
> >  toggleWebserverReboot (
> >    deploymentId: "<deployment-id>"
> >    reboot: false
> >       	)
> >  {
> >    id
> >    updatedAt

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

### Minor Improvements and Bug fixes

> - Added a new `pgbouncer.networkPolicies.enabled` Helm value so that organizations can exclusively enable a pgBouncer network policy. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/204))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new `pgbouncer.networkPolicies.enabled` value to Astronomer's Airflow Helm Chart so that organizations can exclusively enable or disable a pgBouncer network policy. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/204))
```

> - Fixed an issue where Deployments showed an inaccurate image version tag in the Airflow UI. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/houston-api/pull/659))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where new Deployments did not pull latest patch version of the corresponding Astronomer Certified image. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/houston-api/pull/659))
```

@jwitz In reading through the ZD ticket, I think the problem here wasn't whether the UI was or wasn't rendering something - but rather what version of the image was actually getting pulled and run under the hood. Can you confirm, @vishwas-astro? ZD ticket here: https://astronomer.zendesk.com/agent/tickets/4073, GH issue here: https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/2727

Reviewer 2: yes, we were not picking the latest AC patch in the db .. The compare patch versions logic was not predictable in its result.

> - Fixed an issue where Deployments showed an inaccurate image version tag in the Airflow UI. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/houston-api/pull/659))

Reviewer 2: Houston-api repo is now private. Should we link out PRs in our release notes still?

Author: I'm okay with setting a standard of no longer linking out to PRs, but I'll give the final say to @paolaperaza

> - Changed the default Airflow Deployment image to 2.0.0. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/198))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the default Airflow Deployment image in Astronomer's Airflow Helm Chart to 2.0.0. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/198))
```

Clarifying because there's a few places where this could in theory be the case - Astro UI, Astro CLI (already done). This is for helm chart it looks like

- Upgraded the default pgbouncer and redis dependencies for new Airflow Deployments.([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/airflow-chart/pull/203))

> - Increased the storage capacity of volumes in Elasticsearch pods. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/google-environments/pull/258))

Reviewer 2: This did not make it. @jwitz you should remove it. 
cc @danielhoherd @pgvishnuram

> - Fixed an issue where users would experience an error when upgrading their Airflow Helm chart from 0.15.7 to 0.18.6. ([Source](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/pull/1050))

Reviewer 2: The PR linked out is wrong.. That PR is for fixing an issue with LTS (0.16.x) to LTS(0.23.y) upgrades. And I dont remember us fixing any error when Airflow Helm charts are upgraded.

Author: Was basing this description off of linked issue https://github.com/astronomer/issues/issues/2537, but it seems now like that might not be fixed in this version.
